.\" $Id: web100.7,v 1.1 2002/02/01 21:07:06 engelhar Exp $
.TH web100 7 "2/1/2002" "" ""
.SH NAME
web100 - the Web100 project which allows gathering and manipulating statistics
about network connections.
.SH SYNOPSIS
Please see
.I http://www.web100.org/
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Web100 project is a combination of a kernel patch, a shared library, and a
set of userland utilities to enable developers, network engineers, and end
users to gather and manipulate statistics about their network connections, in
addition to improving their performance.

The kernel portion of the Web100 project is responsible for gathering the data
from the network connections and making it available to userland in a
standardized form.  This form has been submitted as a draft RFC to the W3C, in
the form of an extension to RFC 2012.

The shared library is responsible for parsing the data the kernel makes
available and presenting it to applications in a flexible, efficient manner.
Most applications should be written to target the shared library API, as the
library may be ported to different operating systems and automatically handle
the differences in how the kernel presents the data to userland.  Please refer
to
.I web100/web100.h
for the full API of the shared library.

The utilities which are distributed with the Web100 project enable network
engineers and end users to see and manipulate extensive, detailed statistics
about their network connections in a user-friendly manner.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR util (1),
.BR readall (1),
.BR readvar (1),
.BR deltavar (1),
.BR writevar (1)
